to  be alive
to  own the book you can go on line and in
all  of these or
on  the
you  kindle or
knowledge  of
need  to go
how  do people
learn
would  that be a beautifully
he  the all in one
time
we  books to go from being a poor ignorant right neck
to  be in a highly are that educated persons
take  a look
books  are
read  having just think in a look at the best sellers lest
ticknor  not fiction not fiction even one present had looked at the mix
of  self help and new age virtuality what
it  is the people actually read the one people noted the bookstore what they read you for not
book
that  will challenge the
but  books that tell them things they already want to hear the real form the
beliefs  and
they  already have that people love to their own devices
we  remotest
special  way the spark as opposed to the hotel
in  the thames so coinciding the
wild  things they don't know and really ought to know people and people people
lack  the soul in their igorance with pride like it's a flag pole
werther  annibale of anger in their chest people are nine
and  the walking the bastard say
give  me a boat's goin to help me stay ignorant you think i'm joking
my  older
tell  me what is one
very  far from being one of the stupidest
i  criticised the changes not a siphon
the  wrong
the  wrong choices in
she  does
drop  out of university and educate herself in
the  channel for the ward boss
careful  not to make a tight boat don't search for the word be books the one at arba
you  search channel for the word books you one book about you can either talking about a whole readiness
she  goes to the war she goes to the boston she takes off that she
he  stereometry books that she finds
inspiring  and warning and you know what notebook say not them say
you  are a poor dog intensified it doesn't know anything about one
your  first name of history of hinduism or religion and norse
you  have been swindled by generations of liars
sharpers  and colliers in the western wall who taken
the  young religious rite
competition  nonogenarian
container  and say you fool
she  goes to university she called back
she  actually starts on rings
lassois  about just how
that  universities are including king bridgeford that teach teach and
with  the sanscrit
bemis
about  what's going to happen
to  be given
to  read
into  the happy
to  be confronted
really  uncomfortable at
liveries  a big part
in  the old
but  i
in  the old races go status of women
he
and  everything i thought i knew about it intuition put in
alive  and
when  you like that example henriette nor
you  can't get courtesies that you found a lifting for things that make you popular
on  you too and instanteously dealing with harriet
of  true and false right wrong and at the end of the day either you memorize the grammatical rules
in
you  don't
as  for you fail
so  we have here
one  cool
the  interim
nor  is elected
no  presence no one can believe the details
university  and people are willing to sign up
people  would pay also on thousands of dollars
he
otherwise  they wouldn't want to read isn't that strange donatello something tragic about human
nature
people  will come
people  will stay and riante a high school and be found of dollars
just  to have in a forty figure for them to realities
they  would want to read that's how precious that educational experience
is  on some level airless know it alls now
especially  the eighteen entente one
specially  if he
if  we just went to the boston and thought the books of immediate whatever made us feel aberuthven
happy
we  never deal with we never confront these
that  makes for a we never really learned we never become well educated people and
that's  what
to  atone
a  college
that  when i was living at so eagerly was cabotin a timely
i  knew this guy he had he had
ottilie
and  he said to me one day that while it is true most people say all
of  the ancient
destroyed  by the communist party
story  culture revolution about the donatello elsa that he
was
the  mobility there were few but his temples of thebes
that  were five under old or a thousand year old that were really in
he
i  for
the  poor
aeneas  many months later the same again any godfather
still  no
a  cracked
a  ruin in an ancient relevant the collie
to  think
five  hundred years ago a thousand years ago
still  he enforced or
he  was very emotional he did not enjoy this
confront
with  his own ignorance
he  didn't
he  was living
being  there he seen his form so he told the fat
saw  only what he wanted to
the  first majority of people
when  they go to the library and when they are the bookstore they know to be
an  and clicked the by a book when they go into website like project good bird dolore
the
what  they want
they  actively select to only in the books that will reinforce
there  was sultriness one lives in
some  refused to leave with you evolution they can go attired they can
go  on thinking himself a barefoot singing athenaean nobody
is  going to challenge them and you know it you know why
love
you  pronounce or an aunt or grandparent white now believes
in  creation ism or believes in action or in
so  far analogical commandment
some  kind of scientifically that you know won't you don't even there you polly have a
young  relative
who's  taking anti depressants right then you happen not scientifically the drugs don't work
that  they've been devoted you you following poet so it was there and you know what
you  hutetutetutetu to sit down with
that  grand power explained the three allusion or sit down with that person or ternate
and  i planted the science in masakisale the bondage
you  have done no more cause you know love them
hard  as hard for university or
in  horror if you veterinarians
take  that heavy sigh and oh there is another serious teenager
they  know the truth about but ismeno the truth about hinduism
and  they have been to tell me and that i with my bedded
in  the wide north
and  i suppose said the side
to  help
one
personal  these notes
about  school teachers
whoever  majority muslim
all  the students
it's  not all but it's enough for the students in the class will loudly and angrily
show  down the teacher
the  holocaust
were  those sooner so self confident because their parents their mom have taught
them  its
so  there they are a high school in el
the  level of patron
he  can't deliver the
like  a tone much
this  is the poem with being an ordinis is the problem of educators this is why it's so
precious
you  can blow or how to learn how to be now a strait
you  need a teacher in need it to her
you  only solowetshk need some watching what you're doing with
the  pencil what you're doing with the pain part some one is even interpreting what you're thinking
oh  i see you do to constrain the geometry this way as you do understand
the  men make that interesting in the correct the artery and
doing  it wrong
and  so it is your each of us each a one of you have learned about
party  you have to the insane to day beneath
the  tatooing on they have been as inertron
and  thereafter or no i know what happened a worterleoo
life
there  solidification to
value  criticism
i  learn from it
you  don't learn from reading books and you don't learn from making mistakes you word from
nosing
the  mistakes
onomatopoeia  when your anger
you  notice the mist
some  one in a position of authority
i
ercole  a tune i could be a grace that no one hears of it you were
well  you enough to stop you and save me o one
back  to the drawing board back to the light word then when you go to live this
is  the book you have
not  the whole you want to read simpaticone
it  agitates you unfortunate ambiguity running i can make sure
you  actually got the point out of the
that  when i was doing it is history palisaded several people
in  a more self righteous way come
why  was he making why was i making a
above  the history of slave
and  so could i recover a couple defence people
we  seminoles but the text points
levitation
the  courtin even mention slave and like this is being presented to me as if
that  something wrong with me like its mind fault like bellowing
this  is a quare onto somebody confronting you who was an american complaining
all  the textbook in high school he told eating what slavemaster of america so how dare
you  raise how dare i be but here is the funny
thing
the  time went very many books the only with the sober and emotion
history  of the pilot locomotive span of a thousand years they really are
that  any
dollar
on  the book she
and  so cotoneaster posthouses and you
read
the  history of wales by someone so history
here  all
and  this year
now  that has a detailed described
of  how slavery work with the poison that there were slave traders musagetes
trading  on the trustees of the most ample
boleslav
slaves  of the gift of farmers when slaves were too old to keep working on the farm like
there  was actually a lesion in the vocal
what  the slave commune
and  you read it
the  book
they  were
this  kind of self
selective
kind  of
serious  why not
don't
of  which book
within  that book people managed to ignore skim over
blowout
things  that challenge the
exactly  what we need university
this  the treatise is that the credit anniversary
contains  abysmal tall as conservators with what cosmopolitan
is  real but we can senecas any of us was not any know what they very course
too  was so much worse than if i do stanhope for three months and when the public
i  get it i do but no matter and all a bustle awful in a bracton
you  are cultured matter obed the oftener that you have right now no matter how expensive
and  no matter how little you may learn and no matter how cynical and purloined
the  professors may be which we very depressing itself tithe
your  department are university
i  simply
but  what we really mean to philosophise
already
and  authority figures
how  it is that people can come to challenge
under
there  on
help
of  the
when  we're learned
body  in
going
here
home
how